What are the four stages of food processing?
What is enzymatic hydrolysis?
What animals only digest using intracellular digestion?
Do humans have a one-way or two-way digestive tract?
How many openings does a complete digestive tract have?
Give an example of an animal with one digestive opening.
Name an advantage of a one-way digestive tract.
How long does it take for an average meal to digest?
Where do carbohydrates begin to be digested?
Is peristalsis voluntary or involuntary?
What two tubes does the epiglottis separate?
Name 3 of the 4 accessory organs in digestion.
What is the maximum volume of the stomach?
Where does digestion of proteins begin?
Is the stomach environment highly acidic or highly basic?
Name one way the stomach prevents from digesting itself.
What structure regulates movement of chyme into the small intestine?
How long is the human small intestine?
What structure(s) greatly increase the surface area of the small intestine?
What type of transport moves food into cells? Active, passive, or both?
True or false: bacteria live in the small intestine
What is another name for the large intestine?
What is the main role of the large intestine?
Does the appendix do anything in digestion?
True or false: Herbivores never eat non-plant material
How do suspension feeders obtain food?
Give an example of a substrate feeder.
Give an example of a fluid feeder.
What is the most common form of feeding in animals?
Where is excessive glucose in the body stored?
In what form is excessive glucose in the body stored?
Define undernourishment.
What is another name for overnourishment?
Define malnourishment.
What is an essential nutrient?
Are eggs a complete or incomplete source of protein?
Are most plants a complete or incomplete source of protein?
Is fatty acid deficiency a rare or common deficiency?
How many vitamins are essential to humans?
How many amino acids are there?
What are the two categories of vitamins?
What is the difference between vitamins and minerals?
Name two functions minerals play in the body.
Name three types of adaptations animals have with regard to their diet.
Why do herbivores have longer digestive tracts than carnivores?
True or false: the liver produces and stores bile
True or false: pepsin works in the stomach
What causes diarrhea?
True or false: villi are located in the small intestine
What animal group has elaborate symbiotic relationship in the digestive tract?
What is the name of waves of muscle contractions that move food? 
What is the name of the small finger-like protrusions in the small intestine?
How many cell layers are there between the small intestine and bloodstream?
To the nearest hundred, what is the surface area of the small intestine?
In which structure does most digestion occur?
What is the scientific name for undigested material (poop)?
What is the ball of food formed by the mouth called?
What is food called right before it leaves the stomach?
What is the name of the lymph vessel in each villus?
What enzyme found in saliva helps digest carbohydrates?
Why is obesity helpful in an evolutionary sense?
What specialized structures do most fluid feeders have?
Give an example of a suspension feeder.
What types of teeth do herbivores have? (Describe or give an example)